the enormous number of citizens collaborating with it
but we have our novels the last stage of our state
- commented david
we ask all parties involved
there is a financial crisis
families suffer from these diseases
club are the people develop the hospital
changes
will be here as the Cubans of health will be returned
we will have the savings correction
referring to his wife
the mayor and his children
he asks the family
the few days
we know it's difficult
to lc
this stress
already available
one of the vehicles I am very optimistic and says
the balance of these influences in the same
they got out
corruption